Documentation: Inbox (#573)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/configuration/inbox.md

InboxScannerService
=====================

Overview
--------

Besides ingesting media packages using the REST service of the IngestService,
dedicated inbox directories located in the file system can be scanned by

> Opencast. This, for example allows adding media packages to Opencast by copying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opencast. This, for example, allows adding media packages to Opencast by copying
```

it to a specific location using scripting/SFTP without the need for any HTTP
traffic. Opencast periodically scans the specified location for new files.

Each directory may result in digest for a different organization or with a
different default workflow.

Step 1: Configure an InboxScannerService
-----------------------------------------------

Adjust

> [etc/org.opencastproject.ingest.scanner.InboxScannerService-inbox.cfg](`https://github.com/opencast/opencast/blob/develop/etc/org.opencastproject.ingest.scanner.InboxScannerService-inbox.cfg`).

Reviewer: You probably do not want to use ticks around the link.

Author: ```suggestion
[etc/org.opencastproject.ingest.scanner.InboxScannerService-inbox.cfg](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/blob/develop/etc/org.opencastproject.ingest.scanner.InboxScannerService-inbox.cfg).
```

The `-inbox` suffix of the file name is variable and multiple files can
be created with different settings for different directories to be watched.

Step 2: Testing the inbox
-----------------------------------------

In order to test the inbox scanner service, either put valid media package

> zip into the scanned directory or a single media file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zip or a single media file into the scanned directory.
```

Note that even if the poll interval is small, it may take a little longer until

> the media package is added to the epsisode admin UI view because extract and

Author: ```suggestion
the media package is visible in the admin interface because extracting and/or
```

> copy operations may take some time.

Reviewer: “episode” and a suggestion for the sentence:

> …the media package is visible in the admin interface because extracting and/or
>￼ copying the media files will take some time.

> copy operations may take some time.

Author: ```suggestion
copying the media files will take some time.
```

Example media package
-----------------------------------------

Media packages contain media files and metadata files describing them.
Opencast is able to generate media packages using the
[ZipWorkflowOperation](../workflowoperationhandlers/zip-woh/).

Create the follwing files:

_manifest.xml_

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe use:

```
```xml 
…
```

…and indent the xml?

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```xml
```

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<mediapackage xmlns:oc="http://mediapackage.opencastporject.org">

> <title>A media package courtesy by the inbox scanner.</title>

Reviewer: This title should probably match the dublin core title.

Author: Changing dublin core title.

<media>
<track id="track-1" type="presenter/source">
<url>presenter.mkv</url>
</track>
<track id="track-2" type="presentation/source">
<url>presentation.mkv</url>
</track>
</media>
<metadata>
<catalog id="catalog-1" type="dublincore/episode">
<mimetype>text/xml</mimetype>
<url>episode.xml</url>
</catalog>
</metadata>
</mediapackage>
```

> Note: You may create a valid empty media package using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can create a valid empty media package using the
```

`/ingest/createMediaPackage` REST endpoint.

_episode.xml_
```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<dublincore
   xmlns="http://www.opencastproject.org/xsd/1.0/dublincore/"
   xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"
   xmlns:dcterms="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"
   xmlns:oc="http://www.opencastproject.org/matterhorn"
   xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance/"
   xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.opencastproject.org http://www.opencastproject.org/schema.xsd">

> <dcterms:title>Some Episode title</dcterms:title>

Author: ```suggestion
<dcterms:title>A media package courtesy by the inbox scanner.</dcterms:title>
```
